docs(admob): document serverSideVerificationOptions (#4096)
invertase/react-native-firebase: docs/admob/displaying-ads.md

If needed, you can reuse the existing instance of the `RewardedAd` class to load more adverts and show them when required.

> While the `EARNED_REWARD` event only occurs on the client, Server Side Verification (or SSV) can be used for confirming a user completed an advert action. For this, you have to specify Server Side Verification callback URL in dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the `EARNED_REWARD` event only occurs on the client, Server Side Verification (or SSV) can be used for confirming a user completed an advert action. For this, you have to specify the Server Side Verification callback URL in your Ads dashboard.
```

> You can also customize parameters when your SSV callback is called by setting `serverSideVerificationOptions` in [`RequestOptions`](/reference/admob/requestoptions) parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize SSV parameters when your SSV callback is called by setting the `serverSideVerificationOptions` field in your [`RequestOptions`](/reference/admob/requestoptions) parameter.
```
